add convert-plaintext-to-md prompt (#455)
github/awesome-copilot: prompts/convert-plaintext-to-md.prompt.md

---
agent: agent

> description: "Convert a text-based document to markdown following instructions from prompt, or if a documented option is passed, follow the instructions for that option."

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Convert a text-based document to markdown following instructions from prompt, or if a documented option is passed, follow the instructions for that option.'
```
